docs: fix syntax errors in the document (#12008)
argoproj/argo-cd: docs/developer-guide/contributors-quickstart.md

make start-local ARGOCD_GPG_ENABLED=false
```

> - Navigate <localhost:4000> to the ArgoCD UI on browser

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Navigate to [localhost:4000](http://localhost:4000) in your browser to load the Argo CD UI
```
